Add menu plugin docs (#81)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/plugins/keyboard.md

### Responding to Clicks

::: tip Menu Plugin

> The keyboard plugin gives you raw access to the update objects that Telegram is sending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The keyboard plugin gives you raw access to the update objects that Telegram sends.
```

> However, responding to clicks that way can be tedious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, responding to clicks this way can be tedious.
```

> If you are looking for a more high-level implementation of inline keybaords, check out [the menu plugin](./menu.md).

Reviewer 2: Spelling

Author: What? I don't see it

Reviewer 2: Ah.. search for `keybaords`.

> It makes it simply to create interactive menus.

Reviewer 2: simple*
